Hi, and welcome back.
In this video we are going to be creating our books page.
So let's go over to our Pages folder and create a new
Python file, which I'm going to call all_books_page.
This page is going to be just a class called AllBooksPage.
You can call it catalogue page if you prefer,
you know, any name is valid,
this is just the name I'm going for but you can change it.
Now, this class is going to take in the entire HTML content
and is going to parse it with BeautifulSoup.
So in the init method
we are going to say self.soup =
BeautifulSoup of page content
using the HTML Parser.
Of course we'll need page content
as an argument
and so it's a parameter
and of course we'll need to import BeautifulSoup.
Okay, make sure to have BeautifulSoup installed
if you haven't done so already.
Although, if you've been following the
last few videos you should be fine.
Now, once we do this, once we create a new object of
type AllBooksPage, and we give it the HTML content,
that's immediately going to use BeautifulSoup to create
this soup variable, or property.
Then we can use that soup property inside any of the methods
to do things like find stuff.
So, I'm going to create a property called books
that is going to find
all of the books
using our locator, so notice how we're doing
self.soup.select and not self.soup.select_one
The select is going to select every instance of this locator
that it can find, and again, this locator is going to be
this entire thing, and there are many li tags in the page.
One for each book, so this is going to give us
a BeautifulSoup tag for each li tag on the page.
Of course we have to import our locators,
so from locators.all_books_page import AllBooksPageLocators
and this is convention by the way in Python,
I'm not sure if I mentioned this before, but
your imports from your local files should come underneath
imports of other things.
And so if you're importing things from other projects
that you have not created, those go at the top,
your imports go directly below them
and then you can put your code.
And all imports always go at the top.
Now, this is going to give us BeautifulSoup tags,
but we don't want BeautifulSoup tags,
we want to use our parser, which we have not created yet
in order to find some specific information from here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to
pass in a BookParser
for e in this.
Okay?
All this is going to do is, again, iterate over
all the tags that we find
and is going to create a BookParser object
using that BeautifulSoup tag
passing in as an argument to this construct.
So we have to, of course, go and create the BookParser
but we've already done something very much like this
in a previous video, at the start of this section
where we've created a simple BookParser class
so we're gonna actually pretty much reuse that
so, let's go into the next video and see what we can
reuse from what we made in a few videos ago.
I'll see you there.